Fundamentals > Servers (#10002)
aspnet/Docs: aspnetcore/migration/1x-to-2x/identity-2x.md

The first variation described above is unaffected by the 2.0 changes.

> The second variation described above is affected by the 2.0 changes. As an example, you may be allowing anonymous users into your application at the IIS or [HTTP.sys](xref:fundamentals/servers/httpsys) layer but authorizing users at the Controller level. In this scenario, set the default scheme to `IISDefaults.AuthenticationScheme` in the `ConfigureServices` method of *Startup.cs*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second variation described above is affected by the 2.0 changes. As an example, you may be allowing anonymous users into your app at the IIS or [HTTP.sys](xref:fundamentals/servers/httpsys) layer but authorizing users at the Controller level. In this scenario, set the default scheme to `IISDefaults.AuthenticationScheme` in the `Startup.ConfigureServices` method:
```
